welcome to rc shots I remind you
you can register on the forum indeed
vlc shoxx.com we launched
but we're not here to tell you I'm not here
to tell you this but to do the
video of this of this machine
really of this car particularly
special because special I did not find
no videos on youtube and in Italian
as for this car and it's for
this I decided to do this
video is a almost reddit drift io como
1 16
yes gentlemen you have understood well 16
we see together or only open the
seal we see together what the offers us
pack because I decided to take
this car because especially in
winter or especially for those people
who do not have a track available
weekly as in my case can
to be
we say interesting to have it to turn
in interior ok we see booklet of
warranty instructions
etc. etcetera etc. and so on is
an exhibition of turan fess then wants to
say that electronics is missing we see
together
we open the box here we are
almost
below we have a small tube for
the antenna here it is and I see some parts
spare
there are o ring straps I don't know for what
let's still find out something about it
unknown yet then very cute joe
as for these things she is always a teacher
I have to say a screwdriver
let's see if I can get it out or
better a multipurpose tool I believe almost
fallen
here it is very nice perceived cross
we take everything away and go and see it done
you can see the bodywork
I must say really well made of silvia
s15 already decimated and colored is painted but
let's see what's underneath
wait for the zoom
the body is in abs is not the nec
healthy pvc interior glass already mounted
very pretty really well done this
is the frame as you can see there is the
the engine is already there, even if I do
I think I'll put the brushless version
but no battery servo desk ok
the wheels are thrift so hard
although as you can see there are
of the rings and on the wheels because still
I failed I see they are gods
rings that make smooth and wheels
this is not really the best though
not
it is easy to find wheels one by one 16 1
18 of drifting really from drifting
I mean hard non-soft non-rubbery ok
elected network of shock absorbers you see
many sectors are obviously in
plastic cost is less than 200 euros per
which you do not expect, however, who knows what it is
very pretty is a particular product
that is not found in our part of the
he makes the floor as the only one made
alternative 1 16 and the transas model
of the fiesta, however, which has a cost
really unapproachable I will make you
see the electronics in the next video
mounted and one is a first try on
Street
meanwhile I thank you for being with us
After following me I remind you that
you can register on the youtube channel e
rc shot or go to visit rc
new alternative shop.com there is a forum
post your videos we want
collect all the videos of the
dynamic model enthusiasts in
italy to the next video thanks